Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Hey. Let's go ride in with you, bro. Hi, Ford.
I gotta get back, bro. Little brother, tell me one thing before you go. How did I die?
You got shot. We could have escaped, but I made us go back for Spidey.
Then we had to go back. That's not your fault.
How did I die? We weren't even supposed to be out there.
I got us caught. Because I disobeyed orders.
That's just you, little girl.
All of you, brother. Scowl.
I killed my brother. No matter what happens, I have to live with that for the rest of my life.
I wish I could do it.
If I have another stupid seizure underwater.
Yeah. You'd be me without a mask.
Oh, my God.
Uh, let's test that. Let's see what happens.
What's the stitches? What's the stitches?
You like that, huh?
No!
No! No! No! No! No! No!
The fire of hate is only the ash of grief. My mother mourned the ancient way, singing her son's life during the daily eclipse. Because the light always returns.
There's the Navi way, and then there's my dad's way. Say nothing, keep busy.
The reef people say the sea washes you clean. Washes away your sins.
What do you got? You're supposed to be collecting guns that think you're useless.
Focus. Focus, boy. Don't let your mother see that.
Excuse me. Duke!
Sick.
What is this? It's an AR. Right? This is the MAC. It's where the bullets are. Empty. Slap it. Brack it. And then boom, you can just spray. You can kill a lot of sky people with this.
See? Ceramic action. Clean them and oil them. Seems good as new.
This is not the Navi way, Jake's wound.
Weapons of metal are forbidden. You know this. To touch them poisons the heart. Ewa will provide.
The mourning period is not even over. Duke.
You should be with your family, not gathering these things. Your woman needs you.
My son lies with the ancestors in the reef. This is our home. I said I would stand and fight, but I can't fight gunships with spears.
We sank the demon ship. The pinkskins fear us now. Yeah? We got lucky. And they got many more ships.
At least we got these. We are grateful you stand with us, Jake's wound. It is not guns we need. It is rider of last shadow. Ride, great Toruk, as you did before.
When you ride the beast, you become the beast. And the more blood, the better. I will not become Toruk Macto again.
Jake's wound. You are always Toruk Macto. Come, Toruk Macto.
Can you hear me? Yeah, with me. Allowed as they go on, Doctor.
So, uh, we've been through the wreck. Inside and out. We've searched through about a 200 meter radius around it.
We didn't find any of anybody. Just crew. All right. What's left with him?
Well, keep looking. We ought to expand the search radius. Roger that.
If no, though, I did find an instinct. New algae.
Sully's still out there.
We don't know that. Scavenger's gonna carry it off the bodies.
Nope. He made it out. And he's in this area. Down to a handful of villages. You just give me a ship and I'll...
I gave you a ship. It's right there. On the bottom.
Yeah. Along with my crew. All dead. You brought me out here. 26 trillion miles for a single mission.
A kinetic hard kill up against one guy. I ain't backing off.
You brought me out here.
The spirit of my ancestors is in this ball. It was our strength.
I can help you fix it, Laura.
No! It's ruined! Everything I touch gets ruined. They never talked about it.
But it was there in the room. Like a crouching tenedor.
I know you will never give up your bow. Just don't be close when it hits.
So you agreed with Renaud?
I will never speak against my husband in front of that woman.
Look, I'm a Marine. Not taking a knife to a gunfight. Or a prayer.
So what am I supposed to do? I can't run. I can't fight.
Well, that's right. Awa will provide. Yeah?
So where was Awa? Where was Awa when our son...
Jake!
I'm in this place where I have nothing.
Not my people. Not my forest.
Even my father's bow is gone.
All I have...
is my faith.
And this is the great mother's plan.
You have this family.
And you have me.
And I love you so much.
It sucks that Pycon is still an outcast.
Yeah, after saving all our asses...
No. I'm sorry, but by the Tokun Wei, he bears the deaths.
All those who died in the battle.
He bears those deaths.
I'm sorry. You saved us all.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, everybody.
Dad!
Wait, where's the spare?
It's in the basket, I think.
Dad!
Wake up!
Hey!
Where's the spare mask?
It used to be there. Where is it?
Find it!
It's not here!
Speak to me! Where is it?
I can't find it!
Where is it?
Come on! Come on! Come on!
I got it! Dad! Dad!
I found it!
Breathe!
Deep and slow.
There you go. You're okay.
I'm good.
I'm okay.
The wind traders! The wind traders are here!
The wind traders are coming! Come on!
Come on, let's go!
Come on!
Look at him!
He's not gonna take up much room!
As long as he's no trouble!
Take a knee! Let's go!
Sook!
Come on!
Keri!
Keri! Keri, please!
Children, please sit down, please!
Your mother and I have come to a decision.
Spider, you're gonna live back in high camp with no one.
What?
The wind traders will take you.
No!
Dad!
You can't!
Spider!
You can't live in a mask day and night.
I just want to stay here with you.
I know, but she's too risky.
This isn't fair.
But please, you're the only family I've ever known.
This is what's best for you.
But dad, he's our best friend!
Can we just find a way?
He's too dangerous.
You're one dead battery away from being dead yourself.
He belongs with his own kind.
Mom?
And what kind is that, mother?
Alien?
Kitty.
Pink ass.
Stop.
You hate them so much, that's all you see?
It's Spider!
Please, Jake.
Mr. Sully, I won't be any problem.
You know that.
Dad, this isn't right.
Spider is part of this family.
He will never be a part of this family.
The caravan is the safest way to move him.
No, please.
He's gone today.
You can't do this.
It's a dog deal.
Enough!
This is a family.
It's not a democracy.
All right?
I hate you!
This is what is best, baby girl.
No!
Don't touch me!
Hey, it's okay.
You understand?
No.
I already lost my brother.
I can't lose anyone else.
Sully, stick together.
Yup.
That's the family motto.
That's bullshit.
This isn't fair.
Okay.
Hey.
All right?
How about this?
We all go together to drop him off.
Katie?
You said you wanted to see your grandmother.
Yeah.
It will be an adventure.
For the whole family.
Yeah.
Cool.
Hey.
Stay here.
Our arrangement was for the pigskin boy only.
There won't be any trouble.
You are already trouble.
The traitor must move.
Clearly we cannot choose sides.
Having Toruk Makto on board constantly close to choosing a side in this war.
You know what?
To me, you're mistaken.
Toruk Makto was never on your ship.
But if he was ever aboard, then...
I mean, this woman would be happy to fly as outriders and protect your caravan.
Perhaps so.
The manguan raiders grow more aggressive now.
Very well.
I meet you on this.
nice.
That must move!
Windward!!
dura!
Vオルtal!
Fall内!
And race!
Fall to inwards!
Game!
Woo!
Yeah!
Everyone penguins on their own way.
For me, it's being up here alone.
I feel him with me. Bro, check it out. I hear his voice in the wind.
Hold this. Hey, Dad, I've been thinking. I should carry a rifle, and I can fly with you.
That's gonna happen. Why not? You trained me to shoot.
Okay, I know what I'm doing.
Where's your comms? I called you like five times.
Where are your comms? It's rule number one.
You can't even do that. That's it.
What you got? So I promised this guy an imaging a case of beer if you ever got something for us.
Long range patrols clap these guys when they punch our airspace.
It's a routine flyby. Here's the enhanced.
Smile, bitches.
Weigh in. 1350 today. We got coordinates.
Let's man out.
Thank you.
I'm good. I got plenty of time.
Shit, my comms.
Hey, Terry. Hey, Terry. Do you a copy?
Bro, come on! Jump!
No! No!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Paul!
You okay?
Duke!
Duke! Duke! Duke!
You okay?
Bro, you good?
Yeah.
Sweet girl! Sweet girl!
I'm so sorry!
It's okay.
Bro, my spear's on the ship.
What?
My backup's on that ship.
Shit!
Giddy, stay here.
Whoa!
You gotta go! You gotta go!
Shit!
Come on, we gotta go!
Gary, come on!
Come on!
Go!
We're coming, get to the flight!
Ruby!
Keep going!
Jerry, come on!
Greet them!
Come on, Duke!
Hurry!
собой!
Get going! Get going!
Look at that belt. What goes through?
Saeed, look.
On me!
Come on!
No, no!
Keep going!
We gotta get the water, come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
What is that? What is that?
So they stick together.
No, the other one.
So they never quit.
That's right.
Come on, come on!
Eagli, do you copy?
Loak, come in boy, answer me.
I got you.
Do you see them?
No.
Let's get out of sight.
I wanna go home.
Dude, come on.
I'm tired and I'm hungry.
I wanna go home.
Dad has no idea where we are.
We got no comms.
We're on our own.
Bro, I've got to get a mask.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are we gonna do?
I don't know.
Why am I in charge?
Calm down.
We have to do something.
Shut up.
Loak.
Crap, crap, crap, crap, crap.
We have to go back to the ship.
No, we can't go back to the ship.
Those guys are between us and the ship.
No, that's our last known position.
That's where Dad's gonna be looking for us.
Bro, no.
Come on, we'll just circle around them.
It's a good idea.
Which way?
This way.
Come on, everyone follow me.
It's all over, Jake.
You stay real still.
Is that all you got?
That'll do.
Still smart at us, huh?
See those hands.
Hands!
I...
I killed you.
I guess I don't die that easy, Corporal.
No!
Help...
Help me.
Who hit you, Corporal?
Mount Quadraters.
They call themselves ash people.
What's this?
They cut the crew.
They take their enemies toward their power.
That's worse than death to these guys.
Any sign of them?
Kids are gone.
That's fully charged.
Which means he missed his mask change.
And he's running out.
And that's if these ash people don't get to him first.
We gotta go after these kids right now.
But you're never gonna see him again.
Can you track him?
That is not the mission. What are we doing?
We're burning time, Colonel.
Boss.
We got him right of here.
Oh, the cuffs stand.
Which way?
Oh, you're gonna get me killed.
Again.
Come on.
This way.
The river's got to be just up ahead. Come on.
It's not good.
What can we do?
My people, conserve your air.
Look at me.
Take slow breaths.
Look, can you carry him?
Yeah, yeah.
Come on, bro.
Appreciate you.
The kids went in the water.
Smart move.
No, no, no.
Spider, please.
Great mother.
Save the sky first.
I beg you.
There's no time to pray.
He's dying.
It's okay.
It's gonna be okay, buddy.
Just breathe.
Kitty.
Kitty, we need to go.
Come on.
We can't sit around here.
We have to go.
Kitty.
Kitty, come on.
Stop.
Bring him.
Here.
Kitty, stop.
Quickly.
Stop.
Do as I say.
Put him here.
Stop.
Kitty, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
I'm not sure.
This feels right.
What?
Be quiet.
I can't talk.
Blow up.
This mask.
Take it off.
What?
He can't breathe.
Come on.
Kitty.
No.
I'm breathing.
Yes.
But keep on.
You are.
I'm dead.
This is the spirit world.
No, guys.
You're still here.
I'm breathing the air.
Yeah.
I'm breathing the air!
I guess we don't need this to post it anymore.
Yeah!
Breathe in the air, baby!
No, no, quiet!
Quiet!
Whatever you did.
Thank you.
Shit!
Get back!
Stay behind me, stay behind me!
Come
I'm
You're
SEE
LILLIUS!
OHạo,ätng!週
no How
is he breathing with no mask?
I can't even think about that right now. We gotta get in there.
Is not our air poison to sky people?
Do you still live every thou?
Because it is the will of Ewa.
No!
Ewa?
Yes.
If I cut now, do you think Ewa will come to save him?
Come on, get these off me. Come on, they're gonna kill him.
Do you think?
No.
Your goddess has no dominion here.
Come on. Here we go. Now give me another knife.
Carl.
You.
Show me how this works.
I can't. It's empty. No thunder.
Make thunder.
I can't. It's empty.
Make it to work.
There's no thunder.
Kill the youngest one.
No, no, no, no, no, no! Please, please, no!
No!
Weapons down!
Down!
Back!
Go on!
Stay back, you're back, you're back. All right, kids, on me. All right, get the wheeze on out of here. On me, on me, on me.
You...
And that's the match.
See?
And now you take aim, what do you want to hit?
Or just go like this.
Yeah.
Go on.
I do not need you now, Skyman.
Find him, Will.
On my knees.
Reveal for sacrifice!
Maintini!
Cut her down.
Maintini, we got you.
You're gonna be okay.
You okay?
We got you.
Max, we're up for surgery.
Go! Open both doors!
Get rid of me, you okay?
FILE, FILE!
FILE!
I don't know how many folks know their notes.
Hey, where's the girl?
Come on, play!
Let's go.
Sayig.
We searched by air.
We're like air with my air.
Tops him.
Easy, easy, Matt.
No!
My children!
Daughter!
Tom!
My children!
Wait.
Come on, let's hustle!
Max, get me in!
Yeah, yeah.
Are we hot?
We're hot.
Alright, don't even calibrate.
You must arrest my child, don't you?
Goodbye.
Thank you.
I will ride.
Come.
Oh, my God!
I'm okay.
I got you.
This is good.
We're clear.
Yeah.
Which brings us to our unresolved dishes.
How about that, Rose?
Still got our knives.
They're all kinda tired.
Yeah.
Better save it.
In case those flying monkeys show off.
Yeah, sure.
You and the missus must have done something right, I'll give you that.
He's a good kid.
Yeah, he's a great kid.
Hey, uh, this don't mean we're gonna start taking long walks together.
I'm still bringing you in.
Dad, if I have to.
Hold this time out here and you still don't get it.
This world goes much deeper than you imagine.
You witnessed it tonight.
With her.
With him.
Don't matter.
It don't matter what color I am.
I still remember what team I'm playing for.
You got new eyes, Colonel.
All you gotta do is open.
It's the ash.
Get up!
Come on, we gotta move!
It's okay.
They're ours!
Hey!
Jake!
I got Sam!
Katie, Duke!
Are you hurt?
Did you find it?
Mama!
I'm Duke!
Duke!
Katie!
Look!
Jake!
Are you okay?
Come here, it's okay.
Hey, Norf...
What's up? What? Dude! Oh, yeah. I'm good on the whole air thing.
Get it. Get it.
Iron Scarf, the one actual. We are inbound at the city wall.
So you think he's still with Sully? I'd make book on it.
This is not my priority. My priority is getting this city built and sending back Amrita to pay for it.
And who do you think sets your priorities to?
It's the big picture, guys. So here's a big picture concept for you.
How are we supposed to colonize this world if we can't breathe the frickin' air?
You wanna find the boy, you gotta find Sully.
And there. How? How many more of these, huh?
Not many more. You said yesterday.
Okay, here's the most recent scan. Now, you see this? This is all mycelium.
It's basically the same thing as the forest network.
Somehow it colonized him, spread through his entire system, and then made changes at the cellular level.
I mean, look. It altered his blood chemistry, his nervous system, his lungs...
Can you get it out?
No, it's an endosymbiont.
We think they're keeping each other alive. It could kill him if we even try.
But look. I mean, he's... he's alive, he's healthy...
Maybe this is a good thing.
A good thing?
What if the RDA labs could reverse-engineer this?
What if every human being on Earth could live here without a mask?
Ah, Jake. There's something else. Sit. Hey, bud.
Okay.
Hey!
Hold still. Hold still. You're fine.
Ow.
Look at that.
What is that?
He's growing a kudu.
Wait, what?
Oh, yeah.
Great mother. Are you there? Please, hear my small voice.
I prayed to you in the forest to save my friend. I prayed so hard.
But you didn't come. You didn't answer. So, I had to do it myself.
I don't know how I... I asked the woman... Please, just talk to me!
No, no, please, please! No! No! No! No! No!
A1 never came to me. I told you. I don't know how I did it.
Drink.
Kitty.
My child, you are touched by the old mother's hand.
This we have known since you were born.
There's something you're hiding.
I have felt it my whole life. Just tell me the truth!
Please!
Tell her.
It is time.
My child.
You do not... have a father.
Kitty.
What?
You...
Your... your mother.
Okay, Grace's avatar.
And when she was pregnant, Norm ran some tests.
There was a... a... a parthenogenic birth.
Uh, you're genetically identical to the Avatar.
There literally is no father.
I'm a clone.
Granddaughter.
It was the will of Ewa.
When the dreamwalker body lay here, in the great mother's hands, a seed was planted.
I'm a clone.
That really sucks.
That makes me even more of a freak.
Oh, granddaughter.
You... are Ewa's child.
I don't care how it happened.
You're my baby girl.
And I'm the only father you'll ever need.
If I am so special...
Why does Ewa fold her ears to me?
Look, we don't know why, but you're locked out from her.
It's some kind of firewall.
It's like an encryption.
The harder you try to break in, the harder it fights back.
Ewa has a path for you.
Though she chooses to conceal it, you must trust in her.
I have to find out what it is.
No, you have to stop asking.
Kitty, if...
If you try to connect again, you could die.
You do it underwater, and you will die.
He can't stay here.
If the RDA get him...
We'll never stop her.
If he is so dangerous...
To the people, to everything...
We should just kill him.
It's Spider.
He'll come with us, he'll come to the reef.
If...
We can protect him there.
Oh, baby, it's not like that.
I just decided.
Goody, baby! Get me up in there!
Get me in the pocket!
Get me in the pocket with the rocket!
He made it!
I knew...
Demonship...
Has come...
Bigger.
What about Tulkuna being killed?
I'm so sorry, brother.
Sexually...
The outcast...
Is stirring up the young wolves.
Of Tulkuna have called to council to decide about him.
You must rest.
This must be removed.
To see me.
Kids.
Kids on me.
No, I'm serious.
When it grows long enough, I'm gonna get my own E-Rue.
Scallions.
You need a very small E-Rue.
Just you watch, I'm gonna get my own skin.
Then I'll be there.
So how is this?
Your daughter.
Your half-blood daughter.
With no training.
Pull him.
Has done what no Sahik could do.
Who are you to question the will of Ewa?
I am Sahik.
Then be Sahik.
These herbs do nothing.
Herbs from my forest heal faster.
I tell you to rest.
You do not rest.
Then you blame my herbs.
Hold still.
Stupid woman.
Careful, Sahik.
Or I may forget that you are with child.
The matriarch has spoken.
She says,
The outcast continues to defy the Tu Kunwei.
All killing is forbidden.
He was outcast for this.
But he has done it again.
The outcast attacked the demon ship.
Bringing death to our people.
Even the son of Toruk Mato.
Dad, I can't believe I got sick.
No, no.
She says,
He continues to disrupt.
Spreading bad ideas among our young.
It's bullshit, it's not true.
She says,
He will only bring more death.
Dad, why don't you say something?
Please.
She says,
The outcast may not stay in these waters.
He must go far where his song cannot be heard.
The exile for life.
That's not fair.
It is decided.
No.
Pygon!
Brother!
Please!
No!
Pygon!
Brother!
This is...
This is wrong!
You do not speak here.
No!
Pygon fought for us!
He fought for us!
Lord...
He saved your daughter's life!
He saved her life!
You do not speak here!
He defends us!
This is counsel!
No!
The elders have spoken!
The two Khun are being hunted!
They are dying!
Loak, that's enough.
No!
Loak, speak the truth!
No, sir!
Pygon is a warrior!
He fought for us!
More than you!
More than any of you!
He fought for us!
Sit down!
Take him from here!
Thank you, boy.
Take a hold.
Dad!
Listen to him!
We are in counsel!
The elders have spoken.
What are you doing?
You never stand up for me!
Be seated.
Come on.
Counsel continues.
We are at war.
Do you understand that?
If you disobey orders, people get killed.
Look.
We spy the here.
We're trying to keep a low profile.
But that rogue is out there.
He's stirring up the young wolves.
He was gonna bring a whole RDA down on us.
You want him gone?
That's why you didn't say anything.
He's a loose cannon.
He's just like you.
In fact, if you hadn't gone to him in the first place,
if you hadn't disobeyed orders,
and your brother would still be...
That wasn't my fault!
That's not my fault!
Loak?
Go to him, Jake.
Or you will lose another son.
I've got nothing to say to him.
Do not blame Loak.
You said you could protect this family.
That you could do.
Yeah, I thought we would be safe here.
Our son is dead, Jake!
I was wrong!
What do you want me to say?
That every decision that I made for this family is wrong?
I killed our son!
And still we are here in this place.
Hiding this pink skin.
This alien.
If I had to choose between my family and a pink skin,
I would kill him right now.
Stop, stop, stop.
You're not doing this.
Yes!
You already chose between your family and a pink skin once.
Remember?
You cannot live like this, baby.
In hate.
I hate them, Jake.
I hate them.
I hate their pink little hands.
I hate the insanity in their mind.
Inside?
You hate me?
I'll always be an alien to you, won't I?
Doesn't matter how long I live in their skin.
You hate your children.
With their alien hands.
No.
Are you ashamed?
Every time they make a mistake, every time they're different.
That's because of the human inside them, right?
I'm sorry.
We have to...
I'm staying strong right now.
This family is our fortress.
The people say that when you touch steel,
it's poison seeps into your heart.
Stay in this life, brother.
We need you.
We love you.
You have greatness in you.
The strength of the ancestors is here.
We love you.
The ball can be fixed.
Go!
Good.
Moment of truth.
Go.
You feel her?
Oh, yeah.
I got fins.
Yeah, you do.
Woo!
You're a fucking guy!
I think we're worse not talking.
They don't know anything.
Well, they know.
They're just not talking.
We got one more play.
But it's radical.
Hey!
You remember me, don't you?
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Mike!
Just relax!
Get him up!
I brought something to inside here.
You take me to inside here.
Hey, hey.
No need to do that.
I got my eye on you.
Keep going!
Mike!
I'll get you as many as you want.
What is your name, Skyman?
Quarage.
Colonel Miles Quarage.
If you touch me with that thing again, I'll kill you.
You will kill no one.
Lady, I'm gonna beg to differ.
Drop him.
Good trick.
Quarage.
Your next cupcake.
This isn't careful about what you want to do.
We will talk inside.
What are you doing, boss?
Cozy.
The thing is...
Everybody's lying to me.
They say that...
You can make Stone speak the truth.
You seek a man.
The other Skyman like you.
Not like me.
No, he's a traitor.
Well, then he must die.
But I can help you find this man.
And the other you seek.
This air breather.
No.
First, I must see your soul.
Be still.
This is strong shit.
This ...
Is the only pure thing in this world.
The fire came from the mountain when I was little. Burnt our forest. It took everything. My people were starving. They cried for help. But Ewa did not come.
So I went to the fire. And I learned its way.
I am the fire.
We do not lie down and die just because Ewa turns her back on us. We turn our back on Ewa.
A weak mother. A weak children. We do not suck on the breast of weakness.
Only true words will come from your tongue. You have a strong heart. No fear.
That wasn't cool. I will eat your heart, Quaritch.
At first, you will answer me. Why are you here?
I am here for you. You wish to serve me? I don't serve anybody. I need you.
Well, I do not need you. I might keep you as my slave to pleasure me.
That sounds like a fun weekend, but that's not what you really want.
What do I want?
What you've never had.
An equal.
You want to spread your fire across the world.
I want to spread your fire across the world.
I'll give you guns. I'll give you comms.
RPGs.
But that's strong magic.
Command from a distance.
Strike like lightning.
The clans.
As far as you can fly.
They'll bow down before Burra.
You want to take on Aor?
You need me.
I see you.
Damn right you do.
When I can connect again.
Someday.
Whenever.
I can be your guide in the spirit world.
Well, can I just go now?
No.
Not without me.
A sky person can't just show up.
Freak out the ancestors.
They're starting to arrive.
For the calf communion.
Yearling calves and reef babies.
Together.
Having the first bond with Hela.
It'll be so beautiful.
What is it?
It's good.
I like this on you.
Come to the festival.
No, no, no, no.
Then I will just stay here with you.
Look, I should not tell you this, but...
My Tulkun sister says they have been hearing Payakan.
Very faint.
Calling to his birth clan.
Where?
Why?
Tulkun song travels very far through the water.
The walk.
Please.
Hi.
The walk.
What, Mom?
Where are you going?
Just out.
There's something I have to do.
We cannot go.
The calf communion is in five days.
I have to go.
This is my fault.
We are going.
All of us.
Get weapons and food.
Tell no one.
Our children have gone to look for him.
He led them.
They did not ask.
I will get the ready to go out there.
We cannot search the whole ocean.
We need the warriors here for calf communion.
If the demon ships come.
My boy is out there by himself.
He will come back.
When he is dead.
This is his pal.
Look at what he did.
Jake, the strength of the ancestors runs in your son's veins.
You must trust that.
The way of water.
There's no beginning.
No end.
Seize your home.
Before your birth.
And death to death.
It's the one they call.
How many fish are in the sea?
One, two.
How many birds are in the sky?
One, two, three.
I mean, come on.
You couldn't have asked if it would make you a little bit taller.
Maybe even a little bit more blue.
No.
I was busy saving your life, Scal.
Just a little bit.
A couple of centimeters.
She's the old mother.
She can do anything.
You are perfect.
Just the way you are.
Come on, monkey boy.
So next thing is, I'm going to learn how to ride a skimwing.
So you can become a mighty warrior and protect us all.
Hey, it's not the size of the dog and the fight.
It's the size of the fight and the dog.
What is it?
Come on!
Run!
Go!
Go on, dipshit!
Is that all you've got?
Shit!
Shut up out of there, cowboy!
Careful with that knife.
That's how people get hurt.
And breathe out.
We fly!
Break off.
Dragonflight, new warning.
You are clearing in.
We'll stop.
Doug!
They're blocking us in.
Weapons up.
Weapons!
Where's your sister?
She went for water.
Where's Kiri?
Where's Spider?
Dad!
They took him.
The Blue Colonel took him.
Go to him.
Sully!
Take the girls and you go, now!
I will not go without you.
Go! They got spiders. There's nothing holding them back.
You've seen what they can do.
These people will die.
You cannot ask this. Husband, I cannot.
This is the only way.
Show yourself!
You gotta go. You gotta go right now.
Take your sister. Go and hide.
Go!
If you stay, I stay. I will kill Nani.
Whatever happens, do not raise that ball.
You swear to me.
I know he's here. Give up to him.
Here's my haina. Here's one of us.
Here's one of us!
Burn something.
Dragon 2-4. Lay down some incendiary on the center village.
Copy. Switching incendiary.
Hold your fire! Hold your fire! Stop!
Full fire!
Copy. He's breaking off.
This is my path, brother.
Colonel.
Corporal.
You take me?
You leave my family and he's people alone.
Not good enough.
Gonna need the missions, too.
You get me?
We.
Both of you are a hammer this place flat.
Pregnant ladies, kids.
I'll blow grandma's skinny shit through the back of the hooch,
cause I just don't care.
My pals here, well...
They're just dying to waste everybody and take some scouts.
We're doing this?
When I drop my arm, you and your new girlfriend die.
You in particular die a lot.
I die, everybody here dies.
Maybe.
I think you can get some of us, but not all of us.
Maybe we bum-rush you, and your gunships hesitate,
cause we all look the same.
And then when you're begging for your life,
I'll scalp you.
Well, damn, Corporal.
I don't know if you're smart or just shit nuts.
You never struck me as all that smart.
I need your word, marine to marine.
Safety.
For these people.
Burn them all, courage.
Do we have a deal?
Wanna pick your swear?
Take them!
Another time then, Mrs. Sully.
Saddle up!
Man, we have a big incursion for Banshee riders inbound.
I see that, so line them up.
I can't, ma'am. Weapons locked out.
They all have IFF badges.
Expand it.
No, that's okay.
We can take a one-sixth spectrum target.
They didn't encourage anyone?
You couldn't escape!
Jake!
Go next to a boat!
Messing accomplished, General.
Jake's served.
Tollerick, map Goodman theo himself.
It's not enough for you to hand out guns. You've got to bring hostiles inside the perimeter.
My way. Not hostiles. Allies. General Ardmore, I'd like you to meet Baron Sahik of the Monquan.
Let me make this very clear, Colonel Cochise. I want every one of these savages escorted off my base ASAP.
Including your little missy over here.
Don't be a jackass, General. Take the win.
We got him, people!
And not here!
Is that you?
No!
I love you, sir!
No shell!
I'm scared.
I'm sorry.
Michael!
The people say, the sea washes you clean.
It's Lot!
It's him! Lot!
Stop! Open here!
Lot!
They also say, if you see the Deep Ones, the Siam...
...their spirits sent to judge you.
Let's go!
Stay up!
Go, go, go!
esp
Oh my god.
Look!
Thank you, great mother.
Come on, let him breathe. Let him go.
Every of you guys came after me.
My friend's path is my path.
Is this your sister?
Yes.
What about Payakon? Does she hear him?
He is close. He is coming now.
So what have you got?
This is mycelium that's living inside his body.
Wait, is there something living inside of him?
Yes, it's an indosymbium.
Somehow moderating the ion exchange.
Hey, stop. I don't need to know how it works.
I just need to know if we can duplicate it.
Let me out of here, you jerk-up!
I told those rubber glove pukes to lay off you for a while.
Where's Jake?
He's locked up where he belongs.
Here.
I brought you a burger.
Better not hurt him.
He's not part of your life anymore.
He's with me now.
I'm your father.
My father's dead.
There's some made-up thing that he gave his memories to.
No, no.
I'm still me.
I checked.
Yeah, look.
Colonel Myles Quartz.
Deceased.
You know, we didn't get a chance to talk too much when we were out in the bush together, but...
I gotta thank you.
I mean...
You hauled me out of a sunken ship.
You saved my life.
Yeah.
Sure wish I hadn't done that.
Maybe that's true.
Maybe...
Maybe deep down it isn't.
Either way...
I owe you.
And I gotta...
Tell you that...
Man, I'm proud of you.
You're an amazing kid.
You got...
Guts.
Smarts and...
Son, you got the heart of a lion.
I see myself in you.
Oh, yeah.
I tell you how I really see in you.
That's your mother.
Oh, ho, ho.
She was...
Ferocious.
Tough to live with.
I loved her.
And man, did she love you.
Hardest thing she ever did was climbing aboard that gunship that day.
Going into battle.
Leaving her little baby behind.
Your mom died a hero, son.
You got that in you, too.
Anyway, I didn't come down here and take a trip down memory lane.
I just came by to tell you that I'm here for you.
If...
You need me...
I'm here for you.
Can I keep it?
You need something, will you?
I see you, brother.
What is it?
What's wrong?
Didn't you find your birth card?
What?
The Coon are already coming in.
But the aggregation doesn't peak until the eclipse.
Which is the day after tomorrow.
That's when we hit them.
No, no, hold on.
No, you're talking about wholesale slaughter.
Wow.
Hundreds killed, entire parts just wiped out.
That's the beauty of the idea.
We'll fill a year's quota in just one day.
These are intelligent, soulful beings.
Who are you?
Ian Garvin.
The marine biologist.
These creatures, they have culture.
They have music.
They have names for each other.
This is organized.
This aggregation is deliberate.
It's a spiritual gathering.
Get off your high horse, Garvin.
We all made our deals.
No, I did not sign up for this.
Dr. Garvin.
Dr. Garvin, thank you.
Your protest has been noted.
It's been noted?
Yes.
Subteams and fastboats, you guys will form a cordon.
You drive the family groups in here to where it forms a natural choke point against the islands.
I have where you got him.
Open up.
Open, sir.
End of the line, Jake.
Zero-six tomorrow.
If you're wrong, what's your heart?
I'm going old school.
Firing squad.
Selfridge says it's a better optic.
Yeah, will you be a good dog for the suits?
No.
I can't get into it.
It's a good dog.
No.
I can't lose.
Thank God, can't why?
There is a world out there. There's things that those suits will never understand.
The Navi call it Kameh. See.
The ultimate world.
And see this world. See yourself.
I'll see you... at 06.
But they were the ugliest ones in the village.
Hands on the wall! Hands on the wall!
It's nothing. Just one of the gorgeous guys.
Okay. You've got a PhD. How hard can it be?
Check this out.
What's up, cutie?
Stop!
Hey! Hey!
Shh!
Courage.
We're the fire.
Monk fire!
Fire!
Make no sound, witch.
Where's Jake Soleil?
The wife.
Loyal to her man.
Speak or I can't.
Where?
I will not ask again.
Yeah.
Okay.
No, wait. Wait.
That's the camp.
A cage for an animal.
Take me there.
Move!
Which way?
Hey!
Shoot me!
We're on the party!
Go, go, go!
No!
I have a situation.
The kid is loose, and I need him back.
Alive.
Is my protest noted now, fuckers?
Let's go.
Jake.
This way.
No. No, this way.
This way!
Okay.
Ian Garfin.
Green Bio.
Come on.
Hey, I gotta say, I'm a real big fan of everything you've done.
I'm working a little arms-mired right now.
The way they...
Shut up!
What's the plan?
This is as far as I got.
But then there's no plan.
Justin, it's here.
Come on.
Go, go, go!
They're gonna hit them with every ship they've gone.
Okay, I've given...
They've gotta stop them.
You're the only one who can.
Come on.
Let's go.
Switch missiles, take them out.
Copy.
Switching missiles.
Don't shoot.
Tell them not to shoot.
Blue 1-6.
Blue 1.
Hold your fire.
Keep fish holding on.
1-6.
Hold your fire.
Get more assets in that position.
Yeah, you're not gonna shoot me.
You know why?
Because you cans!
Ha!
You know you can, you though?
You can kiss my ass!
Yeah!
Come on, Jake, go!
What are you doing?
Come on!
Go!
He's moving west.
Stay close to me!
I'm not gonna play this game.
Lean 1-6.
Take your shot.
No!
Don't shoot!
Do your way back.
Hold on fire.
Go, go, go!
Lean 1-6!
Lean 1-6.
I'm coming around.
He's coming back around!
This way.
This is Blue 1.
Check your fire.
Lean 1-6.
You want some air hot.
1-6 in hot.
Go!
I shake!
Let's hear you.
Baby!
I don't know whether they kiss you or get out of your...
It's your last time!
Come on, let's go!
Let's go!
Land anywhere.
Gotta take a huge leap.
You guys landed just in time.
What is it?
Why are we stopping?
They didn't even put a fly in this thing.
That's just dumb.
Good idea.
Drink first, then piss in the stream.
What is it, Jake?
I was wrong.
We can't protect him.
Gotta take this stuff off.
It's itchy as hell.
You're gorgeous.
There's a woman you can find us wherever we go.
They will study him.
And when humans can breathe our air.
Then they will spread across this world.
And they will destroy the forests, the oceans, everything just like on Earth.
Then the Navi people will be gone.
And I can't let that happen.
Are you hungry?
I'm starving.
You were right.
It has to be done.
Jake.
He saved your life.
It's just the only way.
Spider.
Come here.
What's going on?
What is it?
She's coming to me.
Come on, let's go.
They stopped for a second and they gotta take a leak.
Just stay close.
Where are we going?
Be quiet.
Is this like a talk?
Come here.
This will work.
Kneel.
No.
Please.
Jake, please stop.
Ice front.
Don't move.
Please.
You don't have to do this.
Grandmother, are you here?
Guide my hand.
Please don't do this.
Give me strength.
Just stop.
Please stop.
Please.
Don't look at me.
Forgive me, son.
I'll be good.
May your spirit go to anyone.
I promise.
May your body return to the forest.
To preserve the green balance.
And the ancestors welcome you.
Please.
May the ancestors hold you.
May they sing your song.
I know I have to go to anyone now.
It's okay.
But...
Do you...
Do you still love me?
With all my heart.
I see you.
Whatever happens, it won't be. This way.
Then we will find another way.
My dad knew in his heart there was only ever one path.
No matter how you imagine yourself, as a father, as a husband, sooner or later, you're back on it.
Turuk loved my father.
He knew they were greater together.
That when they flew, there would be blood.
He is coming.
No, no, no. Just, please, stand. Stand up. Please.
Baby. Jake.
Please. It's okay. It's okay.
Go now, to all the clans within a day's ride, and tell them.
Tell them.
And you tell them.
The day has come.
No!
And so it came to pass, that Turuk Mato returned. My father united the clans once again. He made the great speeches.
Any arrows together. He cannot be broken.
He cannot be broken!
But he knew that it wasn't enough.
Great matriarch.
Wise elders.
The sky people are coming.
Here. Today.
Right now.
To kill our two Khun families.
I beg you.
Fight with us.
She says, we respect Turuk Mato.
But our ways are ancient.
We believe that killing will only bring more killing.
In an endless, expanding spiral.
Hear my words.
The sky people will never stop.
Not until the last of the Tokun is hunted.
hit.
Look what are you doing?
Which can't be here.
Hey買ner, preciso.
I have a right to speak.
Vlog speaks the truth.
You must.
She says his brother is outcast.
You have no standing here.
If he is outcast, then I am outcast.
And I am outcast.
Doctor, silence. No! You will never see me again.
And I and my brother are outcast.
Oh no! And we are also outcast.
She says, you may speak.
Hear my words.
My brother returned to his birth clan to defend him.
But his clan was wiped out by the demon ships.
Only Tatnok survived, because she fought back.
Come forward.
I speak for the dead mothers and the dead calves.
I speak for my people and all our songs.
Forever.
She says, I am the last. The blind witness to our end.
The unknown says. It's what Corn go home must change.
Payack an't choice our path.
We must fight!
What is she saying?
They will decide.
Look at all of this. I mean, there's hundreds of them. And look at all these old ones, and old is good. They never stop growing. Which means more around Rita. And look at this mother. She must be a hundred meters.
You're briefing without me. An oversight, I assume?
No, it's not an oversight. After your fiasco with Sully, you're done, Colonel. You're confined to base pending an investigation.
Negative on that. I need to roll. Sully will be there, which means that Spider will be there as well.
Don't look at him. He's one step away from the brig himself.
Don't tell him not to look at me. What are you gonna do? Call daddy?
You mean the chairman?
It's enough.
I can still complete this mission.
Look at you. You're a disgrace to your uniform. Assuming you remember what a uniform is.
You're grounded, Colonel. Permanently.
Why are you here, girl?
To pray, Zaheek.
No, child.
Why did you come to us?
Perhaps it was for this moment.
Only a chosen one may call upon the warrior mother.
Oh, Zaheek.
You're having contraptions.
I fear we will... we will not survive this.
Kitty.
Hear my words.
If there is something you can do, then you must do it.
You have a strong heart.
I'm ready, you two.
No, I need you here.
I can't do this.
Unless I know your kids are safe.
You keep your post no matter what happens.
You read me?
Let me try this out.
If your father and I do not return, you take Spider.
And the girls, and you go as far and as fast as you can.
Holy shit.
Flux is off the scale.
If you put a wide radius from that flux devil, that thing will rip your face off.
Roger, gun rotor coming right.
Okay, boys, let's make some bang!
Yeah!
Let's go, let's do this!
See any hostiles?
Negative, no movement.
And the big guys are just doing their thing.
Fish in a barrel, Scoresby.
Holes!
There's holes.
Holes.
There's no bulls.
And no big females.
There's no elders.
Hold up, everybody.
Sir, I got a big signature.
Tulcun.
Big ones.
Lots of big ones.
Loadable tulcun inbound.
Scoresby.
I thought you told me you're not aggressive.
Well, they're not.
General.
That's getting sunny on the open, General.
I'm taking food.
Stop her!
Hey!
Hey, stop!
Get him, stop, stop, stop.
Get back to the shelter right now.
It's not safe out here.
I have to call to the Great Mother.
If you connect underwater, it'll kill you.
You can't do this!
We have to go!
We can get me out here, I know.
Tulcun, you stay back!
I mean it!
Come on!
You can fight with us!
Go!
I'll stay with her!
Come on!
Please help us!
I save you!
You are our only hope!
Please!
We need you!
No!
Please, no!
Tulc!
Lana!
That's him. Get him.
Frank out. Rock some in.
Good girl.
Are you okay?
Yes.
Where's Jerry?
Wait.
She ain't coming down.
Get to safety.
Do not attack.
We're done.
Okay. It's okay. I got you.
Sahih!
Stay here. I'm going back for her.
I can't even find myself.
No!
Satan, wait.
Why must you always argue?
I am... I am dying.
But first I will push out this baby.
Get down!
Don't push!
I got you, I got you.
I'm going to pull it after you.
No, don't, don't.
Just don't.
I got to pack the wounds.
Kitty!
Are you okay?
Good.
Who are you.
Hello?
My push.
She's coming.
No, no.
Disturbed.
Thank you.
What is her name? She is Pril. Miss Rome. Pril is a good name. You will protect her? Yes.
Dad, I'm sorry I left my post. It's okay.
Hey, son. You've proven yourself to me. I mean...
I'm proud of you.
Alright, people. Let's get ourselves together. We've still got work to do.
Seriously? There's a hundred billion dollars waiting in that cove and nothing standard in our way.
Beers are on me.
Your name is Pril. Your mother was powerful. You will be powerful too.
Mrs. Sully!
Oh boy!
Spoils of war.
Ted! Ted, look! I need you now. By my side. I need my wingman!
Okay, let's move out.
Drake, I know you're out there.
I know you didn't get in.
What you're wrong here is lighting up your wife pretty good.
Now I want you to come in and I want you to bring Spider with you.
And I know you copy that.
Thanks, baby.
Pick a horse! Get in there! Go, go!
What's happening?
Let's get those heifers herded in tight.
We've been spacing.
Some teams. Torpedoes ready.
Torpedoes.
Fermi motion 4. Torpedoes armed.
60 meters.
Torpedo mark.
Stand by to fire.
All fire for what?
We've got a situation down here.
They tell you why it worked.
It worked!
Look up!
Get us out of here!
Go, go, go! Hit it!
All boats back to the ship! All boats back to the ship!
Get us out of here!
Get up!
Propulsion's down!
Flux devil's pulling us in!
Abandon ship!
Stay close.
Clear!
You're alive!
Get off of here!
I'll need a cupboard of fire.
Okay.
I'm gonna push left, down the port side, and get around behind them.
Get eyes on me. Just watch me.
Yes, sir.
Don't shoot anyone you love.
Go, go!
Colonel.
It's a spider.
I'm here.
Don't kill them.
Where are you, boy?
Step out now.
Alright.
I'll come out.
Spider!
You hear me?
We're running out of time.
Right?
I'm here to make a deal.
Me for them.
That can happen.
Come with me, son.
I'm a man of my word.
We can resolve this here and now.
Everybody goes home.
Circle up!
We're out of here!
Leave my mother alone.
Bitch!
Hang on, kid.
I'll kill you!
I swear!
You're gonna kill your own father?
Do not test me!
Give me that.
You little bastard!
Get out of here!
Go on!
Shut up!
If you haven't just shot me in the arm!
I'll let you go.
Then do it!
Dad!
You need some piece of work, kid.
Pull that stuff!
Jake!
Oh, this is awkward.
Now what?
We're all gonna hold hands and sing. Or learn to see. You have a choice. Ain't this a bitch?
The light always returns. We all connect with the great mother.
Who holds all her children in her heart.
New life keeps the energy flowing. Like the breath of the world.
My brother's voice was heard. He was accepted by the clan.
In the spirit world, we call upon the strength of the ancestors. All those who have walked the path before us.
Come on, monkey boy, come on!
Sir... I see you.
I see you.
Bro!
The scout.
I'm happy to see you, little bro.
Cuz...
Mom, this is spider. I've heard all about you.
Troublemaker.
You are alive for the first time.
And your spirit will live in anyone.
Forever.
You...
Are one of us now.
You are...
One of the people.
Oh shit!
's...
This is...
Our love will never find...
Diamonds in the dark...
I put my head against your chest...
And listen to your...
Cause you are my hope. No matter where I go. Never alone. So now I always know. Even through the flames. Even through the ashes in the sky. Baby when we dream, we dream as mine.
Every time I pray. It's a song to give this love. So beautiful. We're together. Like feathers run away. Right, right beside me. We're two arrows in the wind. Cause you are my hope. No matter where I go.
In the sky. Baby when we dream, we dream. It's a song to give this love. I know when we dream, we dream as one. Dream.
Even through the ashes in the sky, baby, when we dream, we dream.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-